Your brain lies to you more often than
you think. Sometimes it tells you that
you're not ready or that you'll fail.
So, you start comparing yourself to
everyone else and suddenly you begin to
doubt yourself.
>> Believe it or not, videos like this are
getting millions of views on YouTube and
TikTok and many creators are making them
with free AI tools. In this video, I'm
going to show you how. Now, let's get
started.
>> once you log into Chat GPT, I'll put
this prompt in here and basically it's
going to give me a video voiceover um
image to video. Click the enter button
and let's watch Chat GPT do its thing,
okay? Okay guys, so the next thing we
want to do is go to Google and type in
Google Labs Whisk. We're going to choose
this one right here, all right? Once
it's opened up, you're going to launch
Whisk, okay?
Now guys, I already have an account with
Whisk, but if you didn't, you can just
link it using your Gmail account or
create an email account. Once you've
done that, go ahead and enter two, okay?
Whisk, you're going to make sure that
it's 9:16 ratio, okay? At the bottom.
So, now we're back in Chat GPT and we're
going to copy scene one, okay? And then
we're going to go right back to Whisk
and right click and paste our prompt
from Chat GPT, okay? This is what Whisk
gave us.
Um I do like it. Um if you don't like
the image that they gave right here, you
can easily go back down to the bottom
and it'll regenerate, okay? This is what
Whisk gave us. Um I do like this a
little better, so I'm going to go ahead
and download this image right here and
this is how you download, guys. So, once
again, I'm back in Chat GPT. I'm going
to right click. I'm going to copy my
second scene, okay? From part one.
Okay, so now that I'm back in Whisk, I'm
going to open this one right here,
okay?
I'm going to delete this part right here
and I'm going to paste my second scene
from Chat GPT and then I'm going to
click generate, okay? I like this one,
so I'm going to go ahead to the right
corner and click the download button,
okay?
So, once that's done, I'm going to click
on this picture right here and I'm going
to delete this part right here cuz I
want continuation of the same character
and I'm going to paste
um my scene three from Chat GPT and then
generate again. So guys, you would
continue these steps until you have all
your scenes complete for your images,
okay? The next thing you want to do is
go to Google, type in Grok Automation
Extension. You're going to scroll down
here into the Chrome Web Store and click
on it, okay? Once you're on that, now I
already have the extension, so you see
remove extension up here, but if you
didn't have the extension, you'd see a
pop-up and it would say add Grok
Automation and add extension, okay? So,
once you do that, you're going to go up
at the top for extensions, you're going
to click on Grok Automation, okay? And
it's going to open up, okay? And guys,
once that's done, you're going to have
Google open and you're going to type in
Grok AI because we see over here it's
telling us that this will only work if
you have grok.com um open up, okay? So,
once that's done, go ahead and click
this at the top. So, we're going to go
over here. We're going to drag this out
some, okay? So, we can see it, all
right?
And then we're going to click on frame
to video
and then come down here. We're going to
upload our images that we got from
Whisk, okay?
Be very careful, guys, when you're doing
this to make sure that your photos are
in the correct order, okay? It's very
important. Click open, okay? And we see
that it's down here, all right? Once
that's done, we're going to copy all our
um motion prompts for our videos. We're
going to right click, okay? We're going
to go right back to Grok,
okay?
And we're going to right click and we're
going to paste it there. You can see,
guys, below
um it
it matched to all the scenes with the
videos, okay? If you check the image and
the scene, make sure it matches
correctly. If it doesn't, that means you
probably, you know, put the wrong image
with the scene, so that you have to
correct that. You scroll down to the
bottom
and click run, okay? Grok has completed
um
our our videos. Um as you can see, 10
out of 10 prompts here and here below 10
out of 10 prompts, okay? Okay guys, for
the voiceover, what you're going to do
is go to Google, type in Google AI
Studio and then click on it. Then we're
going to go to single speaker audio and
then up here, guys, we're going to make
sure and click on that one, okay?
This is a Gemini 2.0 Flash Preview TTS.
The next thing, guys, you're going to do
is come down here to voice and you can
choose any voice that you want to. Just
click on the one. You can it'll allow
you to play um the person's voice,
whether it's male or female. And I'm
going to choose him, okay?
For my voiceover. Let's go back to Chat
GPT for part three for the voiceover
script, okay? When you're copying these,
guys, there will be no scenes in here,
the word scene and the number. Take out
the scenes and the number. This is how
it will look, okay? And I'm going to
copy and paste it, okay? In Google AI
under text, right click and under the
style instructions, we're going to take
out friendly and just type in
motivational, okay? And then come down
here and click run, okay? So, it is
finished downloading and you can click
play if you want to.
But once you um decide that you like it,
you're going to come here and download
it. So, when that's done, use your
editing software. I'm using CapCut. I've
already
um uploaded my um videos and I added the
audio here. So, go ahead and download
it.
So guys, please remember to like, share,
and subscribe. Until the next time,
thrive with D'Arlene.